Private chat (#130)
quackduck/devzat: Admin's Manual.md

* `DEVZAT_OFFLINE_SLACK=true` will disable Slack
* `DEVZAT_OFFLINE_RPC=true` will disable the gRPC server
* `DEVZAT_OFFLINE=true` will disable all integrations.

### Making a private chat

Devzat have been made to be a public chat-room. But if you want, you can use it as a private, invite-only chat-room. To do so, you should add the following lines in the configuration file:

```yaml

> private: true # Enables the Whitelist checking

Reviewer: I would just use the length of the whitelist to check if it's a private chat (len 0 == public, else private)

Author: This might not be a good idea. Something as restrictive as making the server private being behind an implicit settings feels dangerous.
Furthermore, as I followed your advice about allowing admins, a private server might have an empty whitelist.

Reviewer: hmm. good points. I'm wondering if having it be implicit + having people add one admin id to the whitelist in the case that everyone allowed is an admin is a good system.

Author: I will do that if you really wants to, but I don't like having such a bug configuration switch be implicit.

Reviewer: you're right, let's keep it explicit

whitelist: 
  272b326d7d5e9a6b1d98a10b453bdc8cc950fc15cae2c2e858e30645c72ae7c0: 'John Doe' # One entry for each person allowed to log in
  ...
```

The `whitelist` entry is a map similar to the `admins` map. The keys are the ID of the allowed user and the value are a string whose content is not used.

> Even if someone is in the `admins` list, they would be rejected from a private server if their ID is not in the `whitelist` list.

Reviewer: I don't see any downside for allowing all admins regardless of whether they're in the whitelist. Do you see any? If we allow it then people don't have to put admins in two lists.

Author: That makes sense. I will fix that.

The `whitelist` entry is a map similar to the `admins` map. The keys are the ID of the allowed user and the value are a string whose content is not used.

> If someone is in the `admins` list, it is assumed that they are allowed. They, they would not be rejected from a private server even if their ID is not in the `whitelist` list. 
> If everyone on the private server is an admin, you don't need to have a `whitelist` list as all the ID are already in the `admin` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All admins are allowed even if their ID is not in the whitelist. 
Therefore, if everyone on the private server is an admin, a whitelist isn't necessary.
```

Author: Nice and to the point, thanks.
